# conversion_predictors
The repo contains analysis on conversion predictors from sample customer data

How to read the conversion_predictors Jupyter Notebook:
1. Data Overview: cells 155-181: general understanding of the health of the dataset, missing values, outliers, etc. Age has about 20% missing values, need to implement a way to replace missing values
2. Data Overview: cells 182-242: the dataset is visually analysed on three datasets with different methods of imputing missing age values: replacing with mean age, replacing with median age, and using a linear regression model to predict the missing age values. The charts do not indicate much difference between the methods, so the linear regression model is chosen for further analyses.
3. Gender and Age Insights: cells 243-288: the assumption is that gender and age are likely to affect conversion. I create two ordinal features out of age and initial_fee_level: age_group and initial_fee_group to see if there are benefits in using the ordinal values over the continous values. The charts indicate some relationship between the initial_fee_level and credit_account_id columns and conversion.
4. PCA: cells 289-327 and 354-392: I carry out 3 different PCAs: one-component PCA to see how much variance ratio one principal component will have and the weights of the features; two-component PCA to see if there is a boundary between converted and non-converted users; and an elbow method to see how many principal components explain what variance ratio and see if we can reduce dimensionality.
   Cells 289-327 show PCAs for a dataset that contains the ordinal age_group and initial_fee_group features and omits the continuous age and initial_fee_level columns
   Cells 354-392 show PCAs for a dataset that contains the continuous age and initial_fee_level features and omits the ordinal age_group and initial_fee_group columns
5. Binary Classification: cells 328-353: I run two classification models to see if they can classify converted and non-converted users and which features will be important, will they match the ground truth that the EDA established? The first model is an XGBoost classifier and the second model is a logistic regression.
   Cells 328-352 show an XGBoost and a logistic regression model trained on a dataset that contains the ordinal age_group and initial_fee_group features and omits the continuous age and initial_fee_level columns
   Cells 353-392 show an XGBoost and a logistic regression model trained on a dataset that contains the continuous age and initial_fee_level features and omits the ordinal age_group and initial_fee_group columns
